The chief supply chain officer, or CSCO,
exercises knowledge of agency program planning,
funding, and management information systems.
The CSCO utilizes broad knowledge and skills
of organization functions and activities
to provide logistical support,
while coordinating and evaluating the efforts
of functional specialists to identify specific requirements
to develop and adjust plans and schedules
for the actions needed to meet requirements
in a timely manner.
The CSCO plans, forecasts, and executes budget for supplies,
subsistence, durable medical equipment, medical gases,
expendable and non-expendable and capital equipment,
inventory management, warehouse operations,
transportation, and distribution.